Link to market (install app, description and installation instructions)
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=il.reporter.gws

Usage instructions (also appear in app itself in help buttons)

Instructions:
"The Reporter" offers you the ultimate tool- a real time report.
The application allows you to:
1. Report places that aren't enforcing the rules concerning smoking.
By pressing the "Smoking" button in the main menu, you can choose the place
you're at, you can choose "Complaint" if you want to report a place negatively and
after that you'll have to choose your reasons to the report. You can also add a photo
as a proof to the place activity (*).
Based on this report and previous reports the rating of the place will be determined.
Furthermore, your facebook profile will be updated with an application status that
confirms your actions.
2. Report places that are enforcing the rules concerning smoking.
By choosing the place you're at and choosing the "Positive Report" option you can
submit a positive report. You can add free text to describe the place activity and
even to add a photo(*).
You're facebook profile will be updated with an application status and the place
rating will be changed according to the report.
3. Watch a full list of places around a specific location.
By choosing the "Places" category, you can get a list of pubs, bars, restaurants and
etc., and every place will be presented with its current rating.
4. Report places that aren't enforcing the rules concerning smoking officially.
An official report is a report that sends to the municipal service center and this
report might be a reason for the municipality to investigate the place and punish it
accordingly.
After you choose the "Complaint" option in the report section, you'll need to check
the "Official Report" option in the "publish ways" area. After that you'll get a new
screen where you'll have to fill in tour details.
It's important to fill in the correct details so the municipality will be able to contact
you in order to get more information or in order to send you an update SMS.
5. Report safety hazards.
By selecting the "Hazards" option, you can add a photo of the hazard, the location of
the hazard and a free text describing it.
The report will be sent to the municipal service center and will be taken care as soon
as possible.
6. Manage a personal profile.
By selecting the "Profile" option, you'll be able to see your reports' history and your
number of points.
you get points in following ways:
• For every positive report, you'll get 2 points.
• For every negative report, you'll get 1 point.
• For every hazards report, you'll get 1 point.
The more points you'll get, the higher your level will be and the higher the value
of your report will get. In other words, in the highest level, your report will have a
bigger influence because we consider you as very credible

* adding a photo is optional.